[Music]
hello everyone what's up my name is sear
DG rhymes with peachy today we're
talking about another epic laptop it's
the Asus Zenbook pro duo with two
screens Thank You Intel for sponsoring
this video and hooking me up with this
laptop for a couple weeks because we're
not just about specs around here but how
does this actually affect your life a
creators life a freelancers life
[Music]
what I think of the modern-day
stay-at-home creative well I think
someone who needs power but also needs
to be able to be mobile so maybe you
don't want to shell over the money for a
desktop and a laptop so you kind of need
all of that in one package so this is
definitely a little thick well thicker
than we're usually used to in a normal
laptop profile however it's still sleek
it's still kind of beautiful I would
walk into a coffee shop with this we've
seen the big beefy gaming laptops but
nothing has really ever been designed
specifically for creators since the last
couple years which has been so cool to
see and intel has really been leading
the charge of the different OEMs like
Dell a sous to bring kind of what we
need into a laptop so you you have organ
amelie a chassis that is actually going
to cool all of the powerful parts inside
so quick spec run-through you have the
Intel Core I $9.99 a thk Core processor
in here with eight cores and sixteen
threads now I nine that is it's pretty
much a desktop caliber processor but
you're getting it in a laptop and I
actually did a render test with a 45
minute 1080 interview it had a ton of
color grading on it it had some masks
and luma tree and it exported that
interview in only nine minutes so these
processors are the coffee in Lake H
series whenever you see that H that
means top of the line okay mister
animator freelancer you need power you
get you get that so it's one thing to
have you know a lot of the power in the
processor but if you can see on the side
you actually have proper cooling so you
feel a little bit of that heat if you're
using a mouse on the side but I'm
telling you a properly cooled processor
is a happy processor and I also
attribute that nine-minute 45-minute
interview expert also to the RT X 2060
which is a very powerful graphics card
stuffed in this laptop so all of this is
top-of-the-line we got 32 gigabytes of
RAM we have one terabyte of SSD we're
coming up with a price tag of $29.99 so
some of the laptops I've compared this
to our SPECT out you know they're around
four thousand dollars and this guy is
actually beating them so of course maybe
you pay for a sinner profile but if you
need performance cooling it's important
cooling is important so the coolest
feature of this laptop is obviously the
second screen it's a matte finish a lot
of times it's gonna be sitting on my
desk like this aiming straight up I have
fluorescent lights in my office so if
you see you're gonna get some reflection
some major reflection off of this
display but if you notice they kind of
disappear with Matt the keyboard
actually has a lot of great travel I
mean this is a very nice laptop keyboard
it's more comfortable to type on with
that wrist guard wrist rest you really
want me to say wrist rest some
accessories to really make this laptop
sing in your home office at your
apartment or again at that lovely coffee
shop I'm so this actually comes with a
wrist rest where you can rest your wrist
[Music]
having the second display actually
angled a little bit towards you is the
ideal situation so I have a laptop stand
it's really nice it's aluminum
$40 purchase on Amazon however you don't
want to be like carrying that around
it's actually pretty massive so fully
actually has a really good accessory
that breaks down you'll be able to have
that better angle on the go already
having these two displays has been
amazing for multitasking I've been doing
a lot of creative work on it however if
you just want to take it to that next
level my lg 32 UL 95 0:w has been a
really really great display for plugging
in laptops because you can plug it in
just via USB C thunderbolt which shows
in book has and you can also pair it up
with something like the elgato
Thunderbolt 3 dock however the main
purpose for that is to have ports and
guess what we already got ports
[Music]
I mean there's no SD card slot which is
a little bit of a letdown but everyone's
SD card readers are USB a which we have
one so okay that's great but sir what is
this like in Premiere Photoshop
Lightroom obviously it can juggle email
and so many different things to email
those clients that are not paying you
and a net 30 or net 60 or 90 they're
just not paying you anyways the last
video I edited on this was a 4k video
from Tokyo and again these render times
are muah 12 minute video exported in 9
minutes again this was 4k with film
convert you know color adjustment layers
over in Premiere and it's not just about
render times but how is it in Premiere
it did not drop frames at all you know
how your laptop is just not cutting it
so you put it at half resolution or
fourth resolution guys I was editing at
full resolution the entire time with no
stutters yes having the course having
the thread-count is important but
software optimization is really half of
the game as well so until actually works
very closely with companies like Adobe
to optimize a creative software for
these computers I actually talked about
this in a recent video but one of the
things that atributes to this is
actually Intel Quick Sync Intel Quick
Sync is a hardware component on Intel's
integrated GPU that accelerates the
encoding and decoding of h.264 and h.265
footage kukuku ok so moving on the
number 2 scenario live streaming or just
recording in general with something like
OBS so something I do a lot is I screen
record me editing in Premiere I know
that sounds kind of a betta but I do it
for videos like this where I want a time
lapse of me editing or maybe I'm
live-streaming and showing you my
process or maybe I'm recording to show
another editor how I do something and to
be able to see OBS down here on the
screen pad while I have the full screen
real estate to edit in Premiere was just
kind of magical I think magical is the
right word what's so cool about having
these new
form factors is they really make you
think of how you can work differently
how you can work in a more creative way
dozen book also has the new intel Wi-Fi
six card which you know when you're
streaming internet so important not just
from your provider but also making sure
you have a reliable connection from this
guy with this new chair the night guy is
so much fun it's like a bobble chair it
activates my cork place that's what they
tell me that's why I don't work out
anymore do you think that's okay oh you
thought video editing you thought live
streaming and recording your screen was
exciting look at what Lightroom looks
like so this is editing Hasselblad
pictures these are 100 megabyte RAW
files and so it's just gliding through
the Edit handling it like a champ being
able to switch between the grid the loop
feature here on that second screen and
Lightroom it's just great it was such a
fun experience I actually didn't get a
chance to make a full video about that
x1d - it's just this like gorgeous
really cool Hasselblad medium format
camera there's a lot of fun to mess
around with and look at the pictures you
like the pictures all wait some of my
favorite things about these laptops is
that they have touch displays if you've
seen a recent video of mine I was just
going to town on these photo edits but
also using the the touch functions in
Lightroom and they are like so handy to
have and Lightroom and Photoshop for
some reason on the Zenbook the touch was
a little bit off maybe it's because this
is a pre-production model so hopefully
they'll have that fixed by the time that
you guys have them in your hands so when
I was editing this 4k Tokyo video I was
literally exporting in Premiere I had
Lightroom pulled up I was trying to
apply my different filters on it and
then I was like okay this is ready to go
in Photoshop I use dynamic link to edit
in Photoshop so I literally had
Photoshop Lightroom and Premiere pulled
up at the same exact time nothing
crashed
nothing stalled I mean you could hear
the fans but nothing crashed and burnt
overall I actually loved you
this laptop I know this little series
I'm doing is all about you guys and you
know trying to pinpoint what's right
laptop for you is but I want this why
laptops are so exciting for me right now
it's because of things like this this is
the future I don't know if this exact
model is the future but Intel company is
like a soos are kind of pushing the fold
on what is normal it not only takes the
most powerful parts collaborating inside
of you know a well-designed laptops like
again the I $9.99 a thk powerful
processor but it also takes the
collaboration between the software
makers and people like Intel so
performance was super smooth everything
that I use from premiere Lightroom
Photoshop all the things went great so I
know this has been like an
overwhelmingly positive video I think
it's just because honestly I kind of had
lo X not low expectations I was just
like oh cool I'll get the version too
but guess what the version one is ready
it's ready for you so the only downside
I would say is like once it's the keypad
and the mouse are down here below I'm
you really want to use that wrist rest
as much as possible once you start
editing using this for two-three hours
plus you will start to get hand cramps
from this mouse bath and because you're
gonna be looking down on the second
display a lot I look forward to maybe
future models that are similar to the
Intel prototype we saw at Computex where
there's a hinge and you have a better
angle or maybe in future iterations
they'll just have more of an angle
built-in because see if you notice that
it kind of does lift up give you a
little bit of an angle so I'm curious
are you that stay at home creative do
you wear sweatpants half of the week
guess what no shame because hello I am
one of you guys does this appeal to you
you know I don't want to throw down the
money for a desktop and a laptop could
this be the desktop caliber laptop of
your choice the Asus Zenbook pro 2 could
this be your one and only go to let me
know what you think in the comments down
below I thoroughly enjoyed this I don't
want to give it back why do I have to
give this back anyways let me know if
you like this video hit that subscribe
button down below from your
every single week thank you Intel for
sponsoring this video I check out the
description for more links okay
happy freelancing happy edited okay see
you later I forgot to mention the
speakers in this laptop are fantastic